chore: Remove user lib deprecations from core (#12946)
SAP/spartacus: docs/migration/4_0.md

- There were important change in component template. Since `UpdateProfileFormComponent` was removed `UpdateProfileComponent` contains now the template for update profile form itself.
- Change detection strategy for this component was set to `OnPush`.
- Spinner component was added to the template which relys on `isUpdating$` property.
#### OccUserAdapter

- `OccUserAdapter` was removed. Instead please use `OccUserAccountAdapter` and `OccUserProfileAdapter` from `@spartacus/user` lib.
- The `remove` method was removed. Use `close` method instead.

#### UserAdapter

- `UserAdapter` was removed. Instead please use `UserAccountAdapter` and `UserProfileAdapter` from `@spartacus/user` lib.
- The `remove` method was removed. Use `close` method instead.

#### UserConnector

- `UserConnector` was removed. Instead please use equivalents from `UserAccountConnector` and `UserProfileConnector` from `@spartacus/user` lib.
- The `remove` method now returns `close` method from adapter (name change).

#### OccEndpoints

> - Endpoint `user` was removed. For replacement please use it from `@spartacus/user/account`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Endpoint `user` was removed from the declaration in `@spartacus/core`. It's now provided with module augmentation from `@spartacus/user/account/occ`. Default value is also provided from this new entry point.
```

> - Endpoints `titles`, `user`, `userRegister`, `userForgotPassword`, `userResetPassword`, `userUpdateLoginId`, `userUpdatePassword`, `userUpdateProfile`, `userCloseAccount` were removed. For replacement please use them from `@spartacus/user/profile`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Endpoints `titles`, `userRegister`, `userForgotPassword`, `userResetPassword`, `userUpdateLoginId`, `userUpdatePassword`, `userUpdateProfile`, `userCloseAccount` were removed from the declaration in `@spartacus/core`. Those endpoints are now provided with module augmentation from `@spartacus/user/profile`. Default values are also provided from this new entry point.
```
